#Movie-Booking System.

Hello, I am Sai and this is a ReadMe on a new personal project which resolves around creating a 
movie bookin website. I have worked on two different drafts of the movie booking website. 

Latest ReadMe update: 13/09/23

12/09/23:

MovieWS.0 = The first ever draft is called Movie_logic, and it is a simple program which fullfills the following:

    1. A simple program to see Movies now playing, upcoming movies. 
    2. Creates an account where customers can see which movies they booked. 
    3. Only one theatre with different format such as IMAX, Dolby and standard. 

    Movie_logic was created and done on the 12/09/23.

MovieWS.1 = The second draft is called new_movie_logic and is more powerful and poses significant improvements when compared to the first draft. 

MovieWS.1 is created and first draft completed on the 13/09/23
Some of the improvenments are: 

    1. More user-friendly
    2. More robust sign-up page
    3. Easier access to upcoming movies and better readability. 

Whats new in MovieWS.1(new_movie_logic):

    1. More theatres. instead of one, there are 4. 
    2. Accounting for different formats and better timings segregated by 4 different movies. 
    3. Ability to view theatre layouts in every single theatre and format. 
    4. Storing of vital information made more robust. 
    5. Billings of prices are clearer to see. 
    6. Better Type Handling

Improvements needed: 

    1. Theatre Layouts are repetetive throughout the every movie for the same format. (E.g, same layout for Oppenheimer and Mission Impossible in IMAX, same theatre different timing)
    2. Addition of sending of SMS is needed
    3. Better user-friendly interface. 

MovieWS.1 has no syntax error although suffering from logical errors. 

end goal for this project is to convert it to webDev. however, we plan to expand this to from console based to GUI using PyQT. 

MovieWS1.1 = The Second Draft has fixed all of the before errors the first update had while adding more new features. 

            Errors fixed: 
            1. Same Theatre Layout is no longer shown for different movies at different timings. Each timing, location and movie has different layouts. 

            New features for MovieWS.1: 

            1. Merged both view movies/upcoming movies into one function. in the same function, customer can also opt to get more info based on each movie. 
            2. SMS sending has been incorporated into the MovieWS1.1, which allows for two use cases, 1. confirm OTP, 2. sendinf confirmation message about bookings. 
            3. New checkout page is in the works which as 0 syntax errors albeit having few logical errors. 

            MovieWS1.1 is updated at 6:56PM, 15/09


latest README update: 15/09/23 7:00PM by Sai. 
@Sai's MacbookAir. 

